Wade: Hello, hello, hello,
Wade: hello, hello, hello.
Jared: Hey Wade.
Wade: Good evening.
Kostadis: Much fun with my lights.
Jared: I
Dave: think everyone's been well.
Kostadis: How's uh, your new uh, job going?
Wade: I don't have a new job yet.
Kostadis: I thought you had a consulting gig.
Wade: I'm trying to get it, but they just, they haven't even finished, like, they haven't scheduled the interview. Like, this is the world's worst recruiter I've ever dealt with. That
Kostadis: takes talent.
Wade: I know. Well, he, he said like, Oh, let's have a, you know, let's, let's interview on Friday.
Wade: And then like, I don't hear from him till Thursday. It's like, Oh, how about like Monday or Tuesday? And I'm like, okay, Tuesday I'll be fine. And I haven't heard from him since. Like, he just keeps dropping the ball on schedule. I'm like, whatever. No skin off my nose. It's just as well, I, uh, I've been going through the fun exercise of re piping my house.
Wade: So it's nice to have all this free time.
Kostadis: Okay. Oh, okay. All right. Uh, Gary should be, should be joining us shortly.
Kostadis: I wrote up a summary.
Wade: I read up the summary.
Kostadis: I hope you, I hope you were modestly entertained.
Wade: Smiled a few times.
Kostadis: Excellent. Then that was modest entertainment. Yes.
Kostadis: Uh, Jared's rebooting,
Kostadis: and uh, uh, Jared is rebooting, because Gary joined.
Wade: He's logging in.
Kostadis: Yes.
Kostadis: Uh, I haven't actually figured out whether Iymrith is a dude, is a dude dragon, a female dragon, or a non binary dragon.
Kostadis: Like, I keep forgetting what gender they made her.
Jared: Non wiverny.
Kostadis: What?
Kostadis: Alright.
Jared: There
we
Gary: go.
Kostadis: Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. That's the dog, right?
Wade: No, that's Nathan. That's Nathan. Yes, that's the dog.
Kostadis: All right. So
Dave: I don't think we've ever met Nathan, have we?
Wade: Uh, I mean, sometimes he shows up to pick up the dog, but I don't know if he shows up on camera. He might be a vampire.
Jared: All right. All right.
Kostadis: Cool. All right. So, shall we? Let's get into roll 20.
Kostadis: Um, okay. So, when we last left our noble adventures, I presume you were headed Uh, to one final time to, uh, Iymrith's castle.
Wade: We got all our allies, right?
Kostadis: Well, I mean, a few giants. That's, I think the summary of your allies.
Wade: Some, some war mages, right?
Kostadis: Oh yeah. And, uh, four, five war mages.
Wade: Four.
Kostadis: Well done.
Wade: It's five.
Kostadis: What'd you say? Uh, four or five. Like, I actually, I actually can't remember. I think. There are
Wade: four lights. There are four war mages.
Kostadis: Yes. Okay. Okay. Alright, alright, hold on, let me just text a little. Nope, nope.
Kostadis: Alright, dokey dokey. Alright, so, um, what is your plan? Your how plan?
Gary: This is only one dimensional chess, just to be clear.
Kostadis: Alright, so Ah, so you changed
Jared: the, uh
Kostadis: Your girlfriend. I need Bob.
Gary: So, uh, I think Bob comes with us down to the cage where they're holding Where they're holding her, right? and then we Bob's invisible then we have him swap out the costume and then Bob and I come out of the, um, you know, the, the thing, and then Bob does, starts doing his act to transform and then, uh, you know, make a muckery.
Kostadis: Alright, hold on, hold on. So, hold on. You arrived at Okay, so, you arrived, so Two guys here We'll Thistle And Unla Key. Alright. Uh, Iymrith is sort of staring at you and goes, So, you've arrived.
Gary: Why, yes. We're here to fulfill our bargain.
Wade: And she goes,
Kostadis: You know, I have, there's an amazingly large group of, uh, people who are going to show up here, I just want you to know that, and it's really important that this go off without a hitch.
Wade: Will your high school bully be here?
Kostadis: No. No, no, no, I, I ate her.
Wade: Don't want to show her what a success you've become?
Kostadis: No, I enjoyed chewing her bones and spitting out her flesh. Why? Is there something else?
Wade: Rub tit into her, how successful you are.
Kostadis: Every time I want to think about what I, what a success I am, I just fantasize about that meal. It was, is there, is there something else I should have done?
Wade: Eh, it's alright.
Gary: You don't have the bones.
Kostadis: What?
Gary:  because you don't hhave the bones.
Kostadis: No. No, I do not have the bones. Aw. She pauses and says, of course it wasn't quite high school, it was more, you know, a thing. Alright. So, Iymrith says, so, you, you will help me, uh, here by, by talking to Uh, this, this, this fairy, and you will convince her of the need to perform the actions that I need to perform.
Gary: Laela, yeah, mm hmm.
Kostadis: Yes, yes, you will get Laela to do what needs to be done.
Gary: Yes.
Kostadis: Excellent. You know, I don't He pauses, he goes, I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I do need this to happen tomorrow, and if it doesn't happen, well, you know, someone's gonna have to be burned to a crisp.
Dave: Can it be me?
Kostadis: Iymrith goes, I've heard about your goals in life, and let's be clear, you're not dying. The real punishment. In fact, in fact, I will make sure you never die from a dragon, even if I have to protect you from dragons myself.
Kostadis: You're on mute by the way, Dave, I'm not sure if that was intentional. All right, okay. I will punish you. Okay. Um, so she goes, and you said you needed a few days of rehearsal, and you only arrived the day before. Will this be enough time for the rehearsal?
Wade: It'll have to be.
Kostadis: Yes, are you sure?
Jared: This show's improv.
Kostadis: What?
Jared: This show's gonna be improv.
Kostadis: I, I was told that this would
Dave: Iymrith, Iymrith, who is the famous direct, play director in the room? Oh, not you.
Kostadis: Yes, okay. I don't have to worry. I think this is the performance where people go off without a hitch.
Gary: Yeah, so we should do a little practicing here, and I would like to go discuss with, with Laela.
Kostadis: I think that would be an excellent idea. Why don't you go discuss with Laela?
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis: And he, he, the dragon flies off and, and flies down here, and he takes you to Laela. Alright. Where is ? Oh,
Kostadis: ah, alright. Where is the lower level of this dungeon?
Kostadis: Ah, there you go. Thanks.
Kostadis: Do.
Kostadis: Uh, you should not, you probably are not seeing anything right now because I have not moved your
Wade: We're still in the amphitheater, whatever you want to call it, Iymrith Slayer.
Kostadis: Yes, so, um, okay, yeah, Iymrith is
Kostadis: CM Iymrith is, Iymrith, uh, follows you, she, um, takes you, takes you through here, and finally, uh, she arrives in this area here, and There is a collection of Yuan-ti who are sort of, uh, worshipping a statue god. She says, pay no attention to them. They, they, um, they, they, they tend to have the, they, they're, they're just part of my, um, part of the group that worships me.
Kostadis: They're, they're all my, they're, they're, they're, they're my worshipers.
Dave: They worship an idol of you instead of you .
Kostadis: Well, you know, I, I like to, I like to redirect people. I don't want all the glory to go to me,
Dave: but, but I mean, a normal worship figure is the one that's worshiped the idol of the worship. I don't understand. Uh, explain it to me. Iymrith in all your. You know
Kostadis: what? I don't have time for that.
Kostadis: I don't have time to
Dave: explain this to you. Oh, we have time. We have
Kostadis: time. We
Dave: have time. Performance is tomorrow. We have time.
Kostadis: No, no. This is
Dave: Thistle's gonna work with Laela. Explain it to me. We have time. I need, I need to be in character for my role.
Kostadis: Oh!
Dave: It's method acting.
Kostadis: What exactly is your role?
Dave: You'll find out tomorrow.
Kostadis: Um, I don't, I don't see where Laela is. Oh, right. Yes, of course. Laela. Laela goes, um, let me just see. Iymrith goes, um,
Kostadis: Uh, hold on. Uh,
Kostadis: all right. She goes, ah, yes. It's this way. And she loats over here.
Kostadis: She, and there is, we need a Laela icon. Do you have a Laela icon?
Gary: Uh, I don't think I ever made a picture of her, did I?
Kostadis: Yeah, I know. Yeah, so we're gonna have, like, we're gonna have to pick one. All right, uh, battle map, battle map, chart, chart.
Dave: Three years we've been doing this campaign, you've never made an icon for her?
Kostadis: You know, that's, that's cranky.
Gary: You know I never, I didn't put a picture of her.
Kostadis: Here we go. This will do. Alright. And, uh, there's Laela. Um, in a, well, magical contraption that Iymrith has constructed. That she cannot seem to escape. Um, Iymrith, uh, looks to her. Laela looks at him. Uh, she looks at you, she's very happy to see you, uh, There's like, you know, usual, it's kind of like the, Vardis is making comments about, dude, like, if we really had to waste all this time so that, you know, this
Gary: And I assume with all the sappiness, you know, like, you know, certain party members are retching.
Dave: We're happy for you, man.
Gary: Great.
Kostadis: em, Iymrith waits patiently. Then he starts tap, she starts tapping her, her claws. Uh, then, then she says, uh, I, when will the performance begin?
Gary: Well, Laela will, we need to do some practice for this performance, and we want you to play along with us.
Kostadis: Kimberly goes, well, I want to see the script.
Gary: The script, you say?
Gary: Yes, the script. Um, the script.
Kostadis: I was promised many lines.
Gary: Many lines. Uh.
Dave: What is it that you wanted to say?
Gary: I
Kostadis: wanted
Gary: a monologue.
Dave: Oh dear.
Gary: I am the very model of a modern major general.
Kostadis: I wanted to monologue.
Gary: Oh, you want a monologue.
Kostadis: Yes, I, I, this is, this is my moment of triumph. I want a monologue. I want to show all of those who've doubted me and all of my investors that I have achieved the impossible.
Gary: Maybe, uh, maybe you need to, you know, practice your monologue with the director, uh, out, uh, in the, in the stadium. Uh, and, you know, I'll work with Laela here to get her ready.
Kostadis: All right. Who's going to be the director?
Jared: Oh, geez.
Kostadis: She, she goes, she goes, uh, she turns to Orsik. Are you the director? Yes. Orsik is the director.
Dave: Definitely.
Wade: I figured you were our, uh, our star. Well, I guess that's it.
Dave: Well, we'll see.
Kostadis: All right. Okay, so, um, he, so Iymrith and you, uh, leave, Iymrith says, Picks you up. Do you let him pick you up? Do you let the dragon pick you up? To fly you up?
Kostadis: Yes or no?
Gary: What? Huh? This is your This is your monologue.
Dave: Chat GPT has written you a monologue. Are you happy?
Kostadis: She goes, this is perfect. This is exactly
Dave: It's pretty good, actually.
Kostadis: I can't believe you, you, you, you captured
Kostadis: I'm really going to be disappointed if I have to kill you.
Dave: I good. You should go with
Kostadis: it. I'm really going to be disappointed if this doesn't pan out because I am going to have to kill you. But it will have been a good monologue. Just one last monologue. Alright, well I have to go practice my speech. I need an audience.
Gary: Yes, Orsik. Make sure to give her good stage direction.
Dave: Yeah, yeah, come out upstairs and we'll, um, we'll, uh, we'll, we'll work on this with you. Um, you know, uh, Thistle and Leela have a lot of rehearsal to do. Also, I don't think Leela can't rehearse while she's in that contraption, right? Isn't that right, Thistle?
Kostadis: That's gonna be tough.
Dave: Yeah, I don't, I think that would not be very good for them. Yeah,
Kostadis: Iymrith goes, no, no, that will, that will not
Dave: Call it off! Forget it.
Gary: Like
Dave: I said, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. My artistic vision is being compromised.
Gary: Put the, Orsik! You know, clearly Iymrith will get that a little bit. I mean, like, please, Orsik.
Gary: Don't give up yet. It's like This is important to Iymrith.
Dave: The ancient gargantuan I'll even roll to see how well I do. What is it, performance? I only get a plus one on performance.
Kostadis: Deception. Deception, I would say.
Dave: I got a natural 20!
Wade: Oh God. All the times. It's
Kostadis: like, no, no, no, no, no. No, Orsik, too many people are coming tomorrow. We need to get this right. With this monologue you've given me, it will go down in the epics of monologues.
Kostadis: You're an artist. You need her to be out. She could be out.
Dave: Alright, let's go rehearse upstairs.
Gary: And do we have the costumes with us?
Dave: Yesterday you brought the costumes, isn't that right?
Gary: I can't rehearse without them.
Dave: This is a dress rehearsal.
Gary: Yeah, dress rehearsal.
Dave: Gotta be in costume.
Gary: We've got a lot of time left.
Gary: We've got to really get on this. Uh,
Kostadis: okay. Okay, so Iymrith takes Orsik.
Kostadis: Vardis, do you go with him or do you want to see what the acting is going to be?
Wade: I go with Orsik.
Kostadis: Alright, you go with Orsik. Alright, so Laela and you are standing there and Laela looks at you and says What are you doing here? Like, what is your plan? What is your crazy plan?
Wade: I am here to rescue you.
Dave: Really is one dimensional chess
Kostadis: One dimensional chess.
Wade: Hey man, they never expect a full frontal assault.
Kostadis: She looks at me and says,
Kostadis: She doesn't know whether to laugh, to cry, or anything.
Gary: But we have a plan! That's great.
Kostadis: Okay. You plan to escape, okay. Tell me about this plan.
Gary: And I need to use my perception to make sure there's no one else, uh, watching.
Wade: You are the perceptive one among us.
Gary: Yeah, that's right.
Gary: 23. Yeah.
Kostadis: Alright. Okay. Alright, so nobody else is here watching. So you, you, you reach up to her and she says, So, explain to her the plan.
Gary: Alright. The plan is, We have hired a body double. Okay. And this body double is going to jump out, pretend to be you, transform, and meanwhile, be Skidaddle.
Dave: I'm not in earshot of this plan, am I, huh? Interesting. See?
Gary: One dimensional chance. Neither is Vardis.
Wade: I'm up there with Orsik.
Dave: What does Unla Key think of this betrayal?
Gary: Betrayal? What?
Kostadis: No, we're all leaving too. Orsik has a master plan to fight the dragon.
Dave: Are you kidding?
Wade: Orsik's leaving
Wade: in a body bag. Or an urn.
Dave: Exactly.
Kostadis: He's either leaving a hero or a body bag.
Wade: I think for the dragon it's an urn, but yeah.
Kostadis: More of a Okay. Um So, um, uh, she's like, okay, that's, that's a plan. Of
Wade: all the plans that have ever been, that's one of them.
Kostadis: So how do you intend to escape when all of the dragons will have their eyes on the body double?
Gary: We just go out that way. I see.
Kostadis: So while they've got the eyes on the body double, we go out that way. That way.
Gary: Where they're not looking.
Kostadis: I see.
Wade: I'll be watching the show.
Kostadis: Oh, okay. I I think that's
Gary: Yes, and you can wear my, my, my cloak, too. Yeah.
Kostadis: Okay.
Gary: So you can sneak well, too.
Kostadis: So, she pauses and says, why, what, could you just explain to me what you promised Iymrith?
Gary: Well, there's one Iymrith wanted.
Kostadis: Yes.
Gary: Which was persuade you to do this Incredible Hulk thing.
Kostadis: Oh, which is what?
Gary: Something about like, you know
Kostadis: Turning into a dragon is what it was.
Kostadis: She goes, I can't do that.
Gary: Doesn't matter, you don't need to. Body double well.
Jared: Problem solved.
Wade: Yeah, it doesn't matter what you could do.
Kostadis: She goes, he thinks she looks at your eyes and notice you have dragon eyes.
Gary: Yeah, but I'm not a freak.
Kostadis: Thistle, what are you?
Gary: I'm not a freak. She's in love. She just did this to me.
Dave: I like the idea that Unla Key's just here watching this whole thing chewing the whole time.
Dave: Yep.
Dave: This is going exactly how I figured. Yep.
Kostadis: She goes, What has he done to you? She's like outraged and she's like throwing a temper. She's like, I want him dead. Then she calms down.
Gary: I want that too. But like, I'd really rather survive this.
Kostadis: She goes, Yes. Well, you
Kostadis: know,
Kostadis: She goes, You know, there's something to be said for survival.
Kostadis: She pauses and then says, You do know who's showing up tomorrow, right? I Nope.
Wade: How many dimensions again?
Kostadis: Well, well, well, just, just to make sure that you know what's going to happen. Iymrith was very proud of the, all the invitees who said that we're going to come.
Kostadis: Well,
Gary: is there a guest list? I mean, like,
Kostadis: yes, yes, yes. She goes, Let's see, he said, he was very, he made this whole point that apparently you were gonna come here and, and produce this play and he was gonna be a spectacular show, and that his genius would be justified, and that when I turned into a dragon, and that you would help him do that, and if I didn't, he would kill everyone and keep me alive and torture me for the next thousand years.
Gary: Yeah, that sounds consistent with what,
Dave: yeah,
Gary: that, yeah, that checks
Dave: out.
Kostadis: Hey, so just want you to know, apparently he, he was very, he was very excited about the possibility of finally being recognized as a scientific and artistic genius. And, and was made it clear with a skedaddle. Yes. So she goes, well, from what he told me, there was going to be a, there was going to be a several of the eight, what, five members of, uh, the colored, the color dragons, the chromatic dragons.
Kostadis: Um, apparently the five heads of the five families, right?
Gary: Yeah.
Kostadis: They, they were, they
Gary: should probably not be anywhere near that. That sounds pretty
Kostadis: good. Nope. Wait, wait, but then he said that there would also be a representatives of the Frost Giants, Fire Giants, Stow Giants, Oh, hold on, hold on, let me just make sure I got this right.
Kostadis: The Cloud and the Fire Giants, the Frost Giants.
Dave: Oh, but not Storm.
Kostadis: No, he did say something about Storm Giants. Storm Giants, Tess?
Gary: Yeah, that sounds right. Yeah,
Kostadis: um, yeah, so, so, I, I, this time trying to test. She also said that, you know, later today I would get to meet a representative of the Fae.
Gary: Oh, you mean me, right?
Kostadis: No, no, it was, it was, who was that twit that we met at that party? You mean Prince Thornacious?
Dave: The King.
Kostadis: Yes, Prince Thornacious. I was really hoping he would come to, to do something for us. Do you think he will?
Gary: We've seen him around. He does stuff sometimes.
Kostadis: Okay. Hey, that's good to know. And then she said something, and then he said there would be some surprise guests, some new alliance that he's made with some
Gary: Oh, the Red Wizards of Thay?
Kostadis: Oh, yes, they would be there too. Um, apparently they're all going to be coming here tomorrow to check me out and make, to see that I'm truly a fairy and to see if they could detect whether I'm anything about me that is magical.
Jared: Is anything about you magical? No. Skedaddle.
Kostadis: Yes, yes, I get the skedaddle part.
Kostadis: I'm just telling you what the, you know. And so apparently they're going to come and do their, you know, inspections. And then after the inspections are done, he's going to start the show. And apparently I'm going to turn into a dragon.
Gary: What do you mean by inspections?
Kostadis: Well, they're going to do detect magics and that kind of things, I presume.
Dave: She'll be okay. She'll be there for that part. She'll be fine.
Gary: When do we swap Bob out?
Dave: After they leave, at the beginning of the, as the show is starting, right? Iymrith's up there as MC, whatever, and you're down here with Bob, and there you go. She'll be fine.
Gary: But they need to, they need to check out Laela.
Dave: Yeah.
Gary: They check out Laela before the show.
Dave: They check out Laela before the show, then they all go up, Then you do the switch, after they've left, right?
Kostadis: Okay.
Dave: One dimensional.
Kostadis: One dimensional. Okay. Alright. Uh, um, so, so she's like, so your plan, just so I follow this, is in front of the five heads of the five chromatic dragons, with several giant lords, the red wizards of Thay, okay?
Kostadis: Okay. And Iymrith. We're just going to walk outside.
Dave: You forgot Prince Thornacious.
Gary: Yeah, well, I mean, They will be distracted, because we got a stage act going.
Kostadis: I see.
Kostadis: I see. Okay. She pauses and goes, I guess it's either that or a thousand years of torment.
Gary: See?
Kostadis: I could possibly go wrong. That's what they all say.
Dave: Do you guys think that instead of killing Orsik, Iymrith will do the thousand years of torment on him. Orcs don't live a thousand years.
Wade: It'll feel like a thousand
Kostadis: years.
Kostadis: You'll have to listen to her whine for the rest of your natural existence.
Kostadis: That's where, that's when your professional life and D& D and dragons coincide and so we say no, that won't happen. So
Dave: Orsik has a thought here. Maybe, maybe he, hmm. After Iymrith is humiliated and so on, he can egg on the crowd onto his side and we can all fight Iymrith together. The five dragons, all the giants, that would be heroic.
Gary: Okay, well there's
Dave: a I'm sure they'll come to my side.
Gary: Yeah, just roll your Persuade check.
Jared: Got another one of
Dave: those natural 20s saved up. You never know what I might roll.
Gary: What
Dave: makes you think he'll join you? Especially if Unla Key hooks me up.
Gary: Yes, especially if Unla Key hooks you up.
Wade: That's right, what are his
Jared: portents?
Jared: What are my portents?
Gary: I'll roll them now, I guess.
Wade: Should be a 1 or something. Oh, a
Dave: 19's pretty useful. I'll take a 19.
Jared: That
Dave: might be enough to persuade some.
Kostadis: Alright. Okay. Um. After, after Iymrith delivers the speech, and you know, it's delivered awfully. She can't do, she can't act. It's just, you know.
Gary: That's okay. She can read her part from the paper while on stage.
Dave: I'd like to, I'm rehearsing with Iymrith, right? Um, Iymrith, why don't you give this monologue a shot? Try it out. Try it out on me.
Kostadis: I remember the whispers, the doubts. The shaking hands in candelit halls, the murmurs in shadowed corners. Iymrith is too ambitious, you said.
Kostadis: No dragon can bend the laws of magic itself. No creature, scaled, mortal, or divine, can wield such power without being cut. Being consumed by it. And yet, here I stand.
Dave: Okay, that was good. Now, lower your voice, quieter, and read it faster.
Kostadis: Okay.
Wade: More natural.
Kostadis: Lower voice. Okay. Slower.
Dave: Quicker? No, no, no. Faster.
Dave: Faster.
Kostadis: I remember the whispers, the doubts, the laughter, the shaking hands in the candlelit halls, the murmurs and shadowed corners. Iymrith is too ambitious, you said. No dragon can bend the laws of magic itself. No creature as scaled, mortal, or divine can wield such power without being consumed by it. And yet here I stand, you golden
Dave: madness Much better!
Dave: Much better! You got it. Just keep working on that.
Kostadis: She goes, you're a genius.
Dave: It's going to be amazing tomorrow.
Kostadis: This is going to be awesome.
Dave: It is going to be awesome.
Kostadis: Alright, um, alright. So, um, let me ask you a question. Uh, you've heard about all these parties who've shown up. Do you want to meet any of them or do you want to stay as far away from possible?
Wade: If you're gonna try
Dave: to persuade them. Well, that's an, that's an idea. Well, if I meet them, then that should be easier for me to persuade them at the right time.
Kostadis: I'm going with one dimensional chance. .
Dave: I wanna meet all of 'em.
Kostadis: Um, okay. Well, you're gonna have to ask MBR for that. Like, you're gonna have to say like, can I, can I meet the, the guests of Honor?
Dave: Yeah. Can I meet him?
Kostadis: Iymrith is like, this is my show, you know, because I'm the producer, I'm the star. Well, I mean, Laela is the star, but I suppose, I suppose we could have you.
Kostadis: Well, be present. We could have you meet some of the guests of honor. I don't want you to take too much of my thunder.
Dave: Iymrith, let me explain to you how it works, right? Like, you hired us to do you a service. to put on a show for you.
Kostadis: Yes.
Dave: And, and I need the artistic freedom in order to, you know, make this happen for you. I don't want you putting any sort of constraints on me or compromising that vision, like, and sometimes I need to do things and I can't always explain to you why.
Dave: It's just the way it is.
Dave: We had this discussion yesterday and you, you can't, you understood and you came around. Do we need to have the same discussion again?
Kostadis: It's like, no, no, no. All right.
Dave: Thank you.
Kostadis: All right.
Dave: This is gonna be great. You're doing really well on your monologue.
Kostadis: She goes fine. All right. So, you can't meet all of them, so you get to pick.
Kostadis: There's the dragons, the giants, the honored guests.
Wade: Can I do
Kostadis: some duty
Wade: on the other side, you know?
Dave: Let's start with the dragons. I'll cover more ground. They're the most powerful. Then we'll do the giants.
Kostadis: All right, so there is a black, a green, and a red ancient dragon.
Dave: Okay, all three sounds good to me. Are they like all like sitting next to each other?
Dave: Do I know
Kostadis: anything about these dragons?
Dave: Like what do they, what do they do? Do they just hang out?
Kostadis: Well, so, you know, they arrive at the day of the show, right? So, so they arrive the night before, and then they rest.
Dave: They rest?
Kostadis: Yes, they're sort of sitting on the, um, so what am I looking for? On the, um
Dave: You said it was black, red, and
Kostadis: Green.
Dave: And green?
Kostadis: Yes. Um,
Kostadis: they're also there with some of their broods, so it's not just them. There's, uh, you know, Wyrmling, Red Dragons. They kind of have this sort of mafia esque sort of look on them. Um, so, the Red Dragon. I need to give them a name. Red Dragon. I have my names in dragons. Give me a second. The Red Dragon. What do you want to tell us is, um, looks at you with this kind of aura of contempt.
Kostadis: And has one of the little dragons approach you and, uh, asks you, like, you know, tells you that you're not welcome here and you need to step aside.
Dave: Oh, uh, I thought he, I thought your greatness would want a preview of what's going to happen tomorrow. Something that none of the other guests would ever get.
Dave: Just a special thing for him.
Kostadis: The dragon, the, the, the, good one, that is a good one. Roll your persuasion.
Dave: All
Kostadis: right, the dragon, the red dragon, the young dragon is impressed with your offer and brings you in front of this, well, gargantuan ancient red dragon who's, um, looks very uncomfortable, or, I don't know, you don't, it's kind of sitting on these, the chair lowers its head at you and says, What do you have to offer?
Kostadis: I was promised something special and all I smell is a tiny, sniveling, Dwarf.
Dave: I'm just going to clue you in on everything that's going to happen tomorrow ahead of schedule before, you know, give you all the information.
Kostadis: Oh, you are going to give me, you're going to tell me about this show, this spectacle?
Dave: That's right.
Kostadis: Iymrith said you were some kind of spectacular director.
Dave: Yeah, have you ever been to Silverymoon? I can neither
Kostadis: confirm nor deny those rumors.
Dave: Right, exactly.
Kostadis: I can confirm nor
Dave: deny. Anyway, I do, you know, schmoozing, butter her up, you're awesome, you're amazing, thank you for coming.
Kostadis: Yes.
Dave: You're getting the special treatment nobody else gets, we love you, you're, you know.
Kostadis: Alright, okay, so um,
Kostadis: let's give her a name, so she has one,
Kostadis: let's give her a name. Alright, you should be able to see that. She goes, my name is Zathir Mawd. What is my
Jared: name again?
Dave: Reddy.
Kostadis: Flume. That's my name. My name's Flume. I have a much longer name, but it's Flume.
Dave: Flume. That
Kostadis: works. Flume. Once you reach a certain age, and a certain power, and a certain respect, you don't need fancy names. A simple name is all they need.
Dave: It's genius.
Kostadis: Yeah. It's like you have all these, I grew
Dave: so much from you.
Kostadis: Yeah. You have all these other red dragons with these names, like the red beater or the, something that's 28 syllables that nobody can remember. But when you're, when you're, when you're me, you need something simple, something so that people can remember it.
Dave: Plain
Kostadis: flume,
Dave: flame . Oh, plume. Flume. I got it.
Kostadis: Okay.
Kostadis: Flume. All right. So, Flume, Flume. Uh, okay. So then there is the, um, the, uh, Green Dragon. Does anybody want to talk to the, does, are you guys going to let Orsik talk to the Green Dragon or?
Dave: Anybody else want to go?
Wade: I mean, I was up here following along, right? I'll cover some more ground.
Kostadis: All right, Vardis. The green dragon, uh, looks at you both and says, Ah, yes.
Kostadis: I, it's, I've been told that Iymrith is going to put on a show and is going to finally show that experiment of hers.
Wade: You came early. You were excited for this, huh?
Kostadis: No, no, no. I wanted to make sure that there weren't any tricks going to be played, so I had to check out the merchandise myself.
Wade: What sort of tricks might be played that you're worried about?
Kostadis: Well, I mean, maybe what will happen is there, the, she'll, she'll be an illusion or a phantasm. Or maybe the creature that is a fairy is actually a dragon right now, and she'll cast a spell magic while we're not looking, and voila, we'll have a dragon.
Wade: Pretty sure that's the real deal here.
Kostadis: The dragon looks at you and gives you this kind of like, Iymrith is a He proves this this time?
Kostadis: Maybe she is, and maybe she isn't. As far as I'm concerned, I have been trying, I have been waiting for her to do this for too long. She has taken too much of my money to conduct these experiments, and as far as I'm concerned, if she does not pay out this time, there will be hell to pay.
Wade: Interesting. This one doesn't need much persuasion.
Dave: On our side, in the bag.
Wade: We'll just move right along. Enjoy the show, Claugiyliamatar.
Kostadis: She goes, wait, wait, so just walk me through what I'm supposed to see so that I can make sure that I see it.
Wade: You're not familiar with the Hulk, are you? Iymrith has a creature that can, you know, transform into unbelievable power. Uh And we'll do so for you on stage.
Gary: I see. So she says.
Wade: That's the claim. I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Get your hopes as high as possible.
Kostadis: She pauses and goes, Well, if it's everything that Iymrith has promised, it will have been worth the investment. Finally, I will have a weapon I can use.
Wade: Your money is safe.
Kostadis: Excellent. All right.
Wade: No rug pulls here.
Wade: All
Dave: right, the full on Theranos treatment. I love that.
Kostadis: All right. Okay. Uh, then there's the Black Dragon. Um, does anybody want to, uh, Unla Key, do you want to talk to them, or does anybody want to give them a, uh, a whirl, or?
Kostadis: No? Yes? Um, so, anybody want to talk to the Black Dragon?
Dave: Unla Key, you're out.
Jared: Like, I don't know. He knows how to lead. Uh, I feel like I want to taunt him. Those guys said you were the weakest dragon.
Dave: I'm sure, I'm sure. The weakest dragon. I, yeah, this couldn't have gone off. That's what, that's
Gary: what Iymrith said.
Gary: That's what
Dave: Iymrith said. That's good.
Kostadis: Um, the black dragon.
Jared: Obsidianth.
Dave: No,
Kostadis: okay. His name is Obsidianth. Obsidianth.
Kostadis: Should you start off with, you're the weakest dragon, we're told?
Wade: You are the weakest dragon. Goodbye.
Kostadis: Yes? Is that your line? We'll see.
Jared: Well no, it's more that the red and the green dragon were ragging on you.
Kostadis: Oh, that way. Obsidianth goes, They're just jealous that I have the biggest operation. That's what's going on.
Jared: They're just trying to get the lucky charms. I'm sick.
Kostadis: They, uh, they don't understand the myth. I have spent centuries outmaneuvering them, and now my clan controls most of the trade.
Dave: Trade? Really?
Kostadis: Yes!
Dave: Trade? How lame. Star Wars.
Kostadis: Merchandising. No! It's, it's, it's, it's you.
Dave: I mean, murder, like, you know, rampage, and bloodletting, that's cool, but trade? Like, really? Isn't that what causes Zhentarim to trade? Is
Kostadis: it interplanar trade?
Dave: Or are you, are you, are you just, like, the head of the Zhentarim? Is that what you do now?
Kostadis: No, I'm not the head of the Zhentarim, but I
Dave: get paid to work for them. Oh! You're like, you're like a capo. You're like, You're like a high, or you're like a, like
Kostadis: a Do you think
Jared: one day you'll be as powerful as
Kostadis: the giants?
Kostadis: Obsidianth says, I don't want to talk to you, and flies off.
Wade: That one might need some later persuasion.
Kostadis: Obsidianth is unimpressed. Obsidianth is unimpressed. All right. Um.
Dave: That's good.
Kostadis: All right. Okay, so Obsidianth. All
Dave: right, the giants then. Or is it too late? To go to bed.
Kostadis: You, you, you, you realize that there's the giants, so you, you're not able to talk to all of 'em, so you're gonna have to pick one.
Kostadis: You're gonna have to pick a faction.
Dave: They all kind of hated us.
Kostadis: Yes. Which you do notice. Awful group. Yes.
Dave: The fire giants. These are the ones that we stole the thing from.
Kostadis: Yes.
Dave: Like it's literally them.
Dave: Do they, do they recognize us?
Kostadis: I don't think that you ever, they ever met you.
Dave: We just caused mayhem in their lair and ran out and they don't know when I hit them.
Kostadis: Yes. Are
Wade: we blaming all the barbarians or something?
Dave: Did we find, like, Did we find, like, questionable things in their bedchambers?
Gary: Yes,
Wade: yes, you did
Dave: actually. Did
Gary: we bring anything with us?
Dave: We could bring that up. That would be awkward.
Gary: Wait, we found this thing in Iymrith's hoard like Somehow
Dave: tie Iymrith to it?
Dave: That would be pretty persuasive.
Kostadis: Okay, so you approach the fire
Dave: god. First of all, this one's you, man.
Kostadis: Right, you approach, okay, so remember that you The Fire Giant Duke and Duchess had a bondage thing going in their bedroom.
Gary: Yeah, I, like, I feel like we took at least something from their bedroom, didn't
Kostadis: we?
Kostadis: Yeah, you did, you did. Not very much, though. You wanted to steal everything, but Orsik was like, No, we have to go now.
Gary: That's true, like.
Dave: Old Orsik actually wanted to live. I remember those
Wade: days. Orsik the survivor.
Kostadis: Alright, so, um, Duke Zalto is sitting there with his four fire giant henchmen. And, uh, he looks at you and says,
Gary: who are you?
Dave: So that's your cue.
Gary: Oh, hi. Yeah, we're, we're here helping out Iymrith. Uh, and, um, yeah, we wanted to make sure, like, everyone felt welcome. Uh, and, you know, we were downstairs at Iymrith lair, uh, and we, um, uh, Iymrith says that, uh, you had some very particular tastes and had this thing that she had, uh, Preserved here for you, uh, like, here you go.
Dave: What is it that you hand to him?
Jared: Yes,
Gary: I'm trying to look at our inventory to figure out what it was that we
Dave: installed. Let me check, let me see if I can find it.
Gary: Roll your persuasion.
Dave: Lot items.
Gary: Persuasion. Yes.
Gary: 15.
Dave: The giant thigh bone, maybe? I'm not
Kostadis: sure. Um, I don't think you guys actually took very much from them. It was just very, very awkward, like, me having to describe the B& D scene.
Dave: You could just, like, give them, like, some whips or something, like, like, Iymrith brought these, she had these for you, she knew you would like them, and something like that.
Gary: Yeah. There we go.
Kostadis: There you go. He looks at it, right, and he goes Iymrith, she always knows what I like.
Wade: Awwww.
Kostadis: I'm sorry I had to go there.
Dave: Okay, I guess that was effective.
Kostadis: That may have backfired a little bit.
Dave: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis: It goes Iymrith, Iymrith, Iymrith, Iymrith, Iymrith is Iymrith.
Dave: So you're, you're out then.
Kostadis: What?
Dave: In what
Kostadis: way? Of course, yes. I mean, I'm totally into the, you know, whips and chains. It's, it's, it's all the rage.
Dave: Oh, okay. That's cool. That's cool.
Kostadis: Yes. I don't understand why, why do you
Dave: I, Iymrith implied it was some sort of, like, secret thing that you, you didn't want to share and keep it quiet.
Kostadis: That's because Iymrith understands, but others don't.
Dave: Iymrith's
Kostadis: a true friend,
Wade: huh?
Dave: I don't So are you worried about others finding out or you're you're cool with it?
Kostadis: I'm cool with it.
Dave: You're cool. You're but it's Iymrith that's mistaken.
Kostadis: Yes.
Dave: Okay
Kostadis: You're saying she's ashamed of you? Roll your deception.
Gary: Oh, me.
Dave: Yeah
Gary: Uh Plus zero.
Dave: Oh, this will be interesting. Nice Well done.
Kostadis: All right He's not he's not on your side, but he's a little bit like hmm Like, he's like going, has Iymrith been saying things about me?
Dave: I mean, we've heard a lot about you before you came here. Yeah, it was oof. Then
Kostadis: he passes, and then he, hold on, he passes, he goes, is this why she gave me a small whip?
Gary: That's right.
Dave: Something about the other giants whipping you? I like that. Was it the cloud giants? All
Kostadis: right, okay. So, you know, he's kind of in a, he's kind of in a fuming mood and starts cursing, um, and starts saying things. The other, his guards kind of hold him back. Uh, you get the impression. Oh,
Dave: oh, oh, did we say the wrong thing?
Dave: Oh, we should go.
Kostadis: Yes, you should.
Dave: Well, that was our bad. Whoops a
Gary: doodles. We'll tell Iymrith not to do that plan.
Dave: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no cloud giants whipping
Gary: The
Dave: Lord Fire Giant. Yeah, okay. Maybe we should go tell them right now that the plan is off. Let's go do that.
Kostadis: Alright, um, as you're headed down, you notice a few more characters show up.
Kostadis: A
Kostadis: collection of Mind Flayers.
Jared: Ooh, that'll be useful. Useful? What?
Kostadis: And, uh, these are your guys. That's it.
Dave: He
Kostadis: eats
Dave: brains. Pretty cool.
Kostadis: Although it's unclear why there are mind flayers here. All right. Okay.
Dave: Can we ask Iymrith? Iymrith, what's up with the mind flayers?
Kostadis: Iymrith's likeinvestors.
Jared: Really?
Kostadis: None of your business. Investors.
Jared: Mind flayers are your investors?
Kostadis: They're one of the investing groups. Yes.
Dave: Okay.
Gary: All right. So, uh,
Kostadis: So, uh,
Wade: Their money's green too, apparently.
Kostadis: Well, now it's actually gold, but Are
Wade: you sure?
Kostadis: It's
Wade: insane.
Kostadis: Why would you say that money would look like a green dragon?
Kostadis: That would be horrible. Having to look at green money? No, it should be blue. You meant to say blue, you're colorblind. Was
Dave: it the mind players that were behind the Kraken society?
Kostadis: Alright.
Dave: Are they, can we ask them, Aretha? Are they the Kraken society mind players? Are they the Kraken society mind players?
Kostadis: She goes, they are investors.
Dave: Well, I understand that, but where did they get their money from? I mean, mind flayers aren't really terribly wealthy. They don't have hordes, like
Kostadis: Mind
Dave: flayer?
Dave: We're trying to make sure that you're not being taken for a ride, Iymrith. I'm not
Kostadis: We're looking
Dave: out for your interests.
Kostadis: Just get the creature to fly and we will all be okay. You do get a sense that she is a little bit nervous about the mind flayers.
Dave: Yeah. Yeah. Okay good All
Kostadis: right,
Wade: and then you know the green dragon fun to be nervous about in that crowd
Kostadis: All right.
Kostadis: So everybody is like there's like, you know, it's an evening everybody settles down There's the usual cursing, you know people eating food.
Dave: We have like a bonfire. Should we do skits?
Kostadis: No, no.
Wade: No camp sketches. No.
Kostadis: No. Trust falls.
Dave: Trust
Kostadis: falls. Alright. Okay, it's all
Dave: three. The green dragon, the black dragon, and the red dragon line up to catch you.
Dave: Go! Oh, hmm, that didn't work.
Kostadis: Alright. And in the midst of all of this, in the midst of while you're sleeping, um, Uncle Joon shows up.
Wade: Oh god.
Gary: Uncle Joon? What? What are you doing here? Who's I've been waiting for you to show up here. You have been waiting for us. Yes!
Dave: Did your uncle know the whole Did your uncle know the whole time that Leela was here?
Gary: Did you?
Dave: Uncle Joon. Why didn't he tell you?
Gary: Uncle Joon.
Kostadis: This is like the biggest horde on the planet.
Gary: Uncle Joon. Did you know he was here?
Kostadis: Nephew, I, I, let's, let's put this in perspective, right? I made sure you had all the tools necessary to show up to here, deal with the blue dragons, so we could, so I could take a few items from the horde.
Gary: We have just the plan for you.
Dave: Let's add a second dimension to the chess game, I want to hear it.
Wade: It seems like it's in order, yes.
Kostadis: Okay. Yes.
Gary: Um, so, uh, June, could you just come down here? Like we need to show you something down in the lair.
Kostadis: So you're gonna go down in the lair again? Ha ha
Jared: ha ha!
Wade: Wow.
Kostadis: He's like, he goes, he's like, You don't have any issues, like, we're cool, right? I mean,
Gary: Oh, of course.
Kostadis: Right, good.
Gary: We're icy cool here.
Kostadis: I mean, I don't want you to take this personally, but I, you know, I, okay, fine, so I staged the whole
Dave: thing. This is like the ultimate betrayal. Like, you can't let this go live. It's pretty bad. Just like, stab him in the lair, please. This is, you know, this is hate easing, uh, Game of Thrones betrayal.
Kostadis: It's like Look, thistle, thistle, my boy, it wasn't, it was, I, I, I can't get the item out of here, so I needed you to distract him, or even better, kill him, then I could take the item and be gone. I had obligations, debts to pay. Titania wanted things for me, what was I supposed to do? Okay, maybe it wasn't
Gary: Titania.
Kostadis: Maybe it wasn't Titania. I don't want you to think that it was Titania. But it was somebody with that kind of importance level, you know.
Gary: I
Kostadis: had, I had, I had debts, I had obligations. So
Dave: Fredo, how are things?
Kostadis: I, I, I don't want you, I, I've been waiting here for, for, for, for weeks, like, but like you weren't supposed to show up at this big conference you were supposed to show when you could, like, why did you show up now?
Gary: Uh, let's see, Han shot first, right? Uh, Kimberly, uh, I'd like to suppress him.
Kostadis: To do what?
Dave: Knock him out.
Gary: Knock him out.
Kostadis: Okay, okay, you can. You can, uh, attempt, you can definitely try to grapple him. Is anybody else with their, you there or is it just,
Dave: Oh yeah, we're all in on this.
Kostadis: All right. Um, okay. So you all managed to roll your roll of the dice to see if you grapple him. Actually.
Wade: We just completely outnumber
Dave: him.
Dave: Yeah, I think it's a foregone conclusion. I have a plus ten.
Kostadis: Yeah, you grapple him. Alright. He's grappled. He goes, Look, I, it's just, I, I wasn't, I don't want you guys to think that this was personal.
Gary: So, uh, we're gonna gag him and tie him up and leave him in Imressler.
Dave: Wearing nothing but
Wade: a sock.
Gary: Yeah.
Dave: Oh, oh, I have a good idea.
Dave: Whatever item it was that he wants, go ahead and put it in his hand so he can hold it in his last few moments.
Kostadis: Excellent!
Gary: He's
Kostadis: like He goes, before he, before, so you don't want to ask him anything, you just want to Nope,
Dave: we're here to save the world. This
Kostadis: is,
Dave: put the chains on to the bottom of the pond, man.
Kostadis: Alright, if this is what you guys want, that's fine. Alright.
Gary: I
Kostadis: think he's like, guys, I can help.
Gary: You can help, yeah.
Wade: This all needed help.
Dave: Look at what you did. Three years going through this campaign, we could have just speed run to the end.
Kostadis: Ready.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis: Wouldn't have been ready.
Dave: And that's the end of Uncle Joon. Well, that was a nice plot point we tied up.
Kostadis: Yeah,
Gary: literally.
Dave: Check, got that one off. Good job, writers. Did not see that one coming.
Kostadis: I just thought, you know, like, I wanted to make, see the writers were working hard. They rewrote the script, brought everything.
Gary: The writers are not on strike.
Kostadis: Writers were not on strike. They came back. They said, we've got to end this with a bang. All the plot points can't have a season.
Dave: I like it. Silverymoon, House Margaster, Uncle Joon, they're just ticking them off. I
Gary: need
Kostadis: Wallace, man. Wallace. No, Wallace. No. Wallace is, uh, happily married. Alright.
Dave: No one has ever had that experience.
Dave: Wallace has gotta come back for the final battle.
Kostadis: You
Dave: gotta write him in. You've got some time, we're not gonna make it tonight. Add him in!
Kostadis: No, no, I'll figure a way to make it. Alright. Alright, so, um, the big day arrives. Okay, so let me tell you how this, uh, uh, hold on.
Kostadis: Magic users arrive. I presume you've tried to convince Iymrith that this is all part of the act? Yes.
Dave: Yeah, they're performers.
Kostadis: They're performers. Alright. I'm gonna schmooze
Dave: the audience. Don't compromise my artistic vision, Iymrith. We've discussed this several times on now.
Kostadis: Yes, Iymrith is like, I understand. I understand.
Kostadis: Alright, so, Iymrith is standing over here. And, um, she, uh, goes, she's about to deliver her, her, her big, her big speech, right? So let me see, it goes,
Kostadis: you know, she, the, the, the, she, she roars, uh, flashes a lightning bolt into the sky. The other dragons breathe air, you know, breathe fire acid. It's kind of like this whole spectacle of things. The giants, uh, pound their fists. The mind flayers hover, right?
Dave: Do they make any sound or they just sort of,
Kostadis: they just sort
Dave: of, I love silently just stare.
Kostadis: They silently. Just stare.
Dave: Awesome.
Kostadis: Alright. Uh, am Eth says, I know you are all here to see my greatest creation. I just want to get some minor bureaucratic things out the way. There will be no sampling of any of my creations
Dave: No what?
Jared: Sampling.
Dave: Sampling.
Kostadis: Yes,
Wade: like remixing?
Kostadis: No, chewing.
Wade: Oh, right. They're dry.
Wade: There
Kostadis: will be no sampling.
Dave: No, it was a good joke. Remixing. That was good. It's good. It's all right. You did well there.
Wade: Yeah, I was just mad at myself for missing
Kostadis: it. It was actually good. I was thinking that was pretty
Dave: good. Yeah, just go with it. You had it.
Kostadis: Yes, yes, um, it was She turns to the flume, and I especially be new.
Kostadis: Last time I did one of my exposés, there was hearts everywhere. It was a mess.
Dave: Sounds tasty.
Kostadis: Yes, um, flume goes, Oh, flume goes, ah, and waves her claw at Iymrith. Iymrith goes, pauses and says, Now,
Jared: you've all paid a lot of money, and I, I want to say that I, I've prepared
Kostadis: a great show for you. A fantastic show. Um, and in this show you are going to see the greatest.
Kostadis: Because I will disperse the doubts, the laughter, the shaking heads in candlelit halls, the murmurs in shattered corners. Iymrith is too ambitious, you said. No dragon can bend the laws of magic itself. No creature scaled, mortal, or divine
Jared: can wield such power without being consumed by it. And here I stand.
Kostadis: She spreads her map as wings, the air crackling as reality seems to bend itself around her presence.
Jared: You did madness when I sought to harness the storms, to command the weave of magic as one commands a cowering servants. You believed the heavens would strike me down for my audacity,
Kostadis: but tell me, dear pouters, where is your storm now?
Kostadis: And she points to a storm giant. You, she, you know, uh, it's like
Dave: Interesting that she's doing the monologue before the performance.
Kostadis: No, no, she wanted to do the monologue before the performance.
Dave: Yeah, I know.
Kostadis: You invested not in my vision, but in your own fears. You placed your trust in the laws of the world that I was meant to rewrite.
Kostadis: You failed to see what I have always known. That impossible is a word spoken only by those too weak to claim what is theirs. She pauses. And now, I present to you, the perfect assassin, the fairy dragon.
Dave: Alright. Wow.
Kostadis: Good
Dave: job, JackTPT.
Gary: Alright, Laela, you're up. What? Uh, Laela's up, or is it,
Dave: uh Laela, Bob, the switcheroo, it's time.
Gary: I think it's Laela first, and then, uh And then she has to go prep, I guess, and then buff.
Dave: Oh, have they all inspected Laela at this point? Yeah,
Kostadis: yeah, they did that
Dave: already. This is, this is the moment. Go for it, Thistle. We will, we will stay here while you bring Laela
Dave: to the surface.
Wade: Let's go get Laela.
Dave: Laela!
Kostadis: Uh, hold on, let me just get the right demon here.
Kostadis: Here is this, this will do fine. Alright,
Kostadis: so, um, I'm just gonna have, so, Bob, you know, as Laela, flies up.
Kostadis: And everybody's kind of like, where are you guys just so, and are you on the ground, are you, I don't know. We should
Gary: be starting
Wade: to get
Dave: to the edges of the periphery, right? Well, I think at this point, people is skedaddling, right?
Gary: I'll have to go back down to get the real Laela and then prepare for
Dave: Why can't she, is she not coming up invisible?
Gary: Uh, Leila?
Dave: Yeah.
Gary: Uh, I was gonna wait until after there was a distraction.
Dave: Oh, oh okay. So you just go, you just fly back down? Alright.
Kostadis: Alright. So
Dave: the rest of you Okay, got it.
Kostadis: You guys are sort of standing over here.
Dave: Yeah, except for Thistle, who apparently went back down to his girlfriend.
Kostadis: Alright.
Gary: One dimensional chess.
Dave: Yeah.
Kostadis: One track
Dave: mind, buddy. Half a dimension.
Kostadis: Alright. I'm just kind of putting you guys here, like, so just so you know. Um, alright. So, out appears Laela, everybody's like, you know, waiting to see what's going to happen. Um, Iymrith kind of clicks his finger, her fingers, and goes, Turn into a dragon!
Dave: Alright, Bob, that's your cue.
Dave: Uh, I mean, Laela.
Wade: Laela goes,
Kostadis: Oh, if only I could turn into a dragon.
Wade: Turn into something cooler instead.
Dave: Should we like cast Prestidigitation to make it even more ridiculous right now?
Kostadis: She goes, hold on, I don't get why. Uh, what, what, what, uh, hold on. I just found out that I'm colorblind. Uh, the news came out in
Jared: Polymorph.
Kostadis: So she starts cracking off bad dad jokes.
Dave: Perfect.
Kostadis: Excellent.
Dave: This is the show.
Kostadis: Iymrith goes
Dave: We should laugh. Everyone, we're laughing. That was good. That was good, Leila. That was good.
Kostadis: Right, so the dad jokes are coming. Um, Iymrith is getting progressively more annoyed. And says, If I don't see a dragon in five seconds
Jared: I have Polymorph.
Dave: You know, Polymorph is how we disguised Bob.
Dave: Thank you for your Polymorph. We appreciate it.
Jared: Oh, I can't turn him into a dragon?
Kostadis: We know because he's going to turn into Bob. He's going to turn into Bob. Bob wants to turn into Bob. Bob wants everybody to know that he's pulled off the greatest prank of all time. He showed up at Impr Right? He's humiliating Iymrith for all time, right?
Dave: Are you casting Polymorph and turning him into a dragon?
Kostadis: You could do that.
Dave: Despite, despite the plan? I suppose if you want to, I'm lucky. I mean,
Wade: it buys our distraction more time. I think it's a good idea.
Dave: That was the plan, though.
Wade: Yeah.
Dave: But go for it if that's what you want to do.
Kostadis: No! Turn him into a dragon?
Jared: Yes. Hey, good enough today.
Kostadis: So, what are you doing? Are you turning him into a dragon or not? I don't know. Alright, so, uh, Bob, sort of, uh, Iymrith is getting more and more annoyed, and at which point in time, Bob is flit flowing, flying closer to her. Let me just make sure what his ranged attacks are. Alright,
Kostadis: and all of a sudden, Laela disappears. And Baelor, uh, Bob appears right next to Iymrith and goes,
Jared: THE JOKE'S ON YOU, DOOM OF THE DESERT! YOU NEVER, YOU THOUGHT YOU HAD LEYLA, YOU HAD A You had a demon that was my,
Kostadis: and starts explaining how that this was all part of some convoluted, practical joke that he was pulling on iMRI and that Laela was in fact, you know, a demon spawn of his, and that now he's finally proved what a joke iMRI is on is, is on Iymrith at this point in time is like what the,
Dave: we all start booing boo boo.
Wade: Mean popcorn and rotten vegetables to throw.
Kostadis: Um,
Dave: we start egging on the crowd. Everybody boo. Everybody boo. Turn everyone on em, boo. Come on.
Kostadis: All right. At this point in time, the fire, the storm giants arrive,
Dave: well, they weren't there before.
Kostadis: No. They, they arrived in sense of like No, the, the, the, your allies.
Dave: Oh, yeah.
Dave: Right.
Gary: And the, uh, the storm giant daughter who's the, um, who's there betraying him?
Kostadis: Yes. She's there. Yeah, she's, uh, she, she upon seeing her father is kind of like, okay, so this, so everybody's kind of like in a state of shock.
Wade: Nothing
Kostadis: makes
Wade: sense.
Kostadis: Nothing makes sense. So, um, just let me explain to you what's gonna happen.
Kostadis: The, the various participants are were, came here to see whether there was going to be a dragon. Now they're gonna want their money back, right? Their money happens to be, just so you know,
Dave: Iymrith has your money.
Kostadis: No, no, actually, no, no,
Dave: no,
Kostadis: I'm just gonna tell you what's going on.
Kostadis: See where it says open to lair to two?
Dave: Uh huh.
Gary: That's where Laela and I are coming up from.
Kostadis: Yes, that happens to be the entrance into the Horde.
Dave: Excellent.
Kostadis: Right. You won't
Dave: be able to skedaddle, you'll be in the battle with us.
Kostadis: No, no, he's got other ways of escaping. I just want to be clear, there are other exits.
Gary: It's, um, there's enough chaos now that we can sneak out, right?
Kostadis: Yeah, yeah, so I'm just, what I'm trying to tell you though is that they actually don't care about Iymrith.
Wade: They care about getting their money. They're, they're
Kostadis: capitalists. Remember, these are dragons.
Gary: Uh
Kostadis: huh. They care, they care about their money.
Kostadis: Especially red dragons care about the money. So, I just present that to you because if you could imagine what would happen is that everybody's going to converge on that spot. Well,
Dave: you need to defend it.
Kostadis: Defend it?
Wade: Why? It's not
Kostadis: our
Wade: money.
Kostadis: Right, and so if you're not in this area, so I just want to make sure this so like what actually happens Is that you know the red dragon screens and start is gonna like points to the hole the black dragon points to the hole And you know her little black dragon start flying there the green dragon Starts to take off
Dave: Doesn't Iymrith want to defend her horde?
Kostadis: Uh, Iymrith is currently being preoccupied by that demon over there.
Dave: By, by Bob? Okay.
Kostadis: Yeah, by Bob.
Wade: Paralyzed by dad jokes.
Dave: Not really sure what's, what the right thing is to do in this situation.
Kostadis: I just want, so like, meanwhile the fire, the various, the various giants have it seeing, you know, are suddenly like, oh my god, the king of the storm giants is here.
Kostadis: One time opportunity to kill him. Let's all gang up on him at once.
Kostadis: Right, so, I just want to give you a question, like, this is what's going on, right? So, these are all independent battlefields, but I will draw, sort of, areas of effect so that, you know, nobody actually cares about the five of you. That's the important detail.
Dave: I know, it's kind of cool, actually.
Kostadis: Skedaddle, yes.
Dave: Skedaddle. No, heroes would never skedaddle. I'd use this opportunity for justice. Yes. But so many possible targets.
Kostadis: I
Dave: don't really know what's the most noble thing to do.
Kostadis: Alright, so this here is, I'm gonna call this the Fireball Artillery.
Dave: Is there a way to collapse that hole so that like, all the dragons are trapped inside?
Dave: Only we have mole earth.
Jared: Oh god.
Dave: I do have Mold Earth. Me too. Well, Mold a lot of Earth
Kostadis: with Mold Earth. Okay, so I just want to draw out the battle. In this area, you might be, you, if you're in this area, dragons,
Wade: Wraiths are flying in every direction.
Kostadis: Direction, yes. I'm just want to be clear, like, you know, saving throws will have to be made against dragon breath and potentially getting attacked by dragons, etc.
Kostadis: Just want to be clear. You know,
Dave: I just like the idea that they're all underground and we just, you know
Kostadis: No, no, they're gonna be fighting on the top.
Wade: Yeah,
Dave: but they're gonna
Wade: start
Dave: crawling into the ground. They're gonna fight each other?
Kostadis: Yes, they're, well, they're going to fight each other until
Dave: the end. Like red and black are going to fight each other over who goes to get the money?
Wade: Who gets the most money first?
Kostadis: Yes, like, there's like, yes, they're basically
Dave: like They're going to kill each other. Well, that's good.
Kostadis: Yes. We
Dave: should let
Kostadis: them do
Dave: that.
Kostadis: Or, or fight to the point where they get sufficiently injured and decide that this isn't worth the money, right?
Gary: Yeah.
Kostadis: I'm just telling you what's going to happen.
Kostadis: We need
Dave: to trap
Gary: them all down there.
Dave: We just need to keep them from escaping.
Kostadis: Or, or just need to run away before
Gary: Do we, do we have, like, um
Dave: Run away.
Gary: Orsik wants to do something
Wade: heroic.
Kostadis: Let Orsik do something heroic. What I'm trying to tell you is, Iymrith is currently being ignored by everybody.
Wade: Except Bob.
Kostadis: Except
Gary: Bob.
Dave: We can't kill Iymrith.
Gary: So, once the dragons go in, can we let Wall of Force to seal it off? Iymrith's
Dave: like a legendary creature.
Gary: You said
Dave: You what? The only way we can kill Iymrith is if we have all of these people as our allies fighting her together. That was the plan. If they're all doing their own thing, it's hopeless.
Wade: Think it's time for that rousing speech with the On Lockey 19.
Dave: I think it is. It's time for the rousing speech. You need to turn the balls like Sid. Ascii
Wade: not for gold, Ascii what you can do for Iymrith.
Dave: Iymrith is to blame, and once Iymrith is dead, there will be gold for everyone!
Dave: We gotta get everyone on our side, otherwise we can't feed Iymrith. Too powerful.
Dave: And what do I have on my persuasion? I have a plus seven. So with the 19, that's a 26.
Kostadis: All right. So what you can do is you can convince the The red, the red, green, and black dragons are really not interested in fighting Iymrith. They really, they really want to go after the gold. But the Giants, you can get the storm giants to help you fight Iymrith.
Dave: That's not going to be enough.
Gary: What about the
Kostadis: other giants?
Gary: The
Dave: ones that are on our side already?
Kostadis: Yes, but they were going to be fighting the giant. They were going to be fighting the, uh, the giants. She's not that legendary. I don't know if she is legendary, but You have like She's not that
Wade: legendary.
Kostadis: Your action economy at this point in time should result in you being able to defeat her.
Jared: Let's do it.
Dave: All right, sure. Yeah, let's one on one the legendary dragon.
Kostadis: No, no, you're not
Dave: one on one.
Kostadis: No, you're not one on one ing her because you have, uh, six Storm Giants. Seven Storm Giants.
Dave: Oh, and the, uh, Mages?
Kostadis: Yes, you have seven. And Bob.
Dave: And Bob. But what's happening? What are the Mind Flayers doing?
Wade: Playing Mines.
Kostadis: Oh, what's The Mind Flayers are, you know, moving away.
Gary: And the Wizards of Thay?
Kostadis: Uh, the Wizards of Thay are also moving away. They've decided that, you know, this is not Whatever was to be gathered here
Dave: They've lost They've lost their investment. They're writing it off.
Kostadis: No, they're, they're wizards.
Kostadis: They'll come back and they'll find another way to get their money back.
Dave: I see.
Wade: Conjure it.
Kostadis: They have other plans. They're, they're not, they're not the kind, they're not the suicidal kind. They like to
Dave: I'm curious what their role was, like to dispel any magic if we like went that route? Okay.
Kostadis: Um, the mind flayers have decided to, they're stepping back to watch what's going on.
Kostadis: What you also notice is nobody seems to be going towards the mind flayers.
Jared: I mean, that's just good.
Dave: That's probably a good idea. Self preservation instinct right there. Yeah, they need brains.
Kostadis: Yeah, so everybody's kind of, like, it's kind of interesting that everybody's got somebody they want to go fight except the mind flayers.
Jared: I'm gonna go fight the mind flayers.
Dave: Maybe we could get them on our side. Why don't you cast some, like, charm spells on them, Jared?
Kostadis: Okay, so I think Alright, so I just want to give you sort of the feel for what the battle is, right?
Dave: Yeah. Yeah.
Kostadis: And so, the dragons, the thing about, so just to give you an idea, the thing about the dragons is that they make it a little bit challenging to escape.
Kostadis: And if you piss them off, they'll attack you, just to be clear.
Dave: They're all distracted
Wade: by gold.
Dave: They're all busy going to get gold, huh?
Kostadis: Yes, they're all busy going to get gold.
Dave: Well, so, okay. So my persuasive speech was not persuasive. That's what I'm
Kostadis: doing. No, it was persuasive. No, no, it was persuasive. The Storm Giants were not going to help you fight Iymrith, but they've been convinced that they should, they've decided that
Dave: What about the other Giants?
Kostadis: The other Giants
Dave: To go fight the Storm, they wanted to fight the Storm Giant King, right?
Kostadis: Yes, but seeing that the Storm Giant King is going to go fight Iymrith, they've decided to, you know, um, ally, you know, to go into the melee to go get the gold as well.
Dave: Oh, they're going to go get gold.
Kostadis: Yes, they're fig well, you know, the smart ones are standing back waiting for it to see what's gonna happen.
Dave: Okay,
Kostadis: the dumber ones. So basically the cloud giants are doing nothing. They're kind of sitting back waiting to see what's gonna happen next.
Dave: I'm surprised nobody else wants to help. Okay. All right.
Gary: No one hates Iymrith enough other than Bob.
Dave: You'd think that they would hate her after How she took their money from them, and did nothing, and dragged them out here, and wasted their time.
Kostadis: Yeah, but there's like the legendary Horde of Iymrith right there.
Dave: And Iymrith cannot protect it.
Kostadis: Exactly.
Dave: She is preoccupied.
Dave: Wait a second. I think what you're saying is, if we kill Iymrith, and all these people get the Horde, they'll see us as the heroes. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Is that right? We're the ones who helped them get all their money?
Kostadis: Yes, in a very twisted way, that would in fact be true.
Dave: They might be grateful to us.
Kostadis: Or say, you'll be
Gary: a hero.
Kostadis: They're evil.
Dave: But they'll be grateful.
Kostadis: Within the context of being evil, yes. In the same way Tony Soprano is grateful. Or Michael Corleone was grateful.
Dave: Yeah, or Zhentarim. Yeah, I get it. Yeah, I'm good with that.
Kostadis: Okay, I just want to be clear, not grateful in a
Dave: We're doing them a favor, and maybe someday they'll do a
Kostadis: favor
Dave: for us.
Kostadis: Yeah, kind of, sort of, yes. Yes. All right, so that's what's going Yes, the thing that's caught in everybody's attention is because Iymrith is distracted and the Storm Giants are attacking her,
Kostadis: Yes, everybody's going for the gold because like everybody's heard legends of the magical artifacts that Iymrith has.
Dave: Yeah, they should go see the one that Uncle Joon's holding.
Dave: All right, that sounds good. It'll be fine.
Kostadis: All right. Okay. So, so just to give you a context, right? So the, how the, how the battle shape shapes up. So like, if you're trying to cross, like, if you're, I'll just put this here so that I just don't want to make any, so we don't get this, um.
Jared: Where are we on this map?
Kostadis: Over here. You're on the battle map. You're right next to the green. Yeah, we're
Dave: close to the old. Thistle is not. Thistle is in the, is in the horde.
Kostadis: Yeah, well, he's downstairs.
Gary: Now when when the distraction started then we're trying to escape
Kostadis: and so this red zone
Kostadis: Okay, the red the red circle is kind of like you have to avoid getting hit by Giants dragons, etc
Jared: Okay,
Kostadis: so there may be random events that cause rocks to fall near you breath weapons, etc
Kostadis: And if you choose to engage with anybody then you become a target. So just be clear about that Yeah, after we kill
Dave: Iymrith maybe sure.
Kostadis: All right, okay I hope you are excited about the finale. I had to, it, it, it has lots of opportunity here.
Dave: Did not see the Uncle Joon twist.
Kostadis: Okay.
Dave: He knew it the whole time.
Kostadis: Yeah, he knew it the whole time. Jerk.
Dave: Next thing you know, we're all going to wake up and it was just a dream. It's all us
Kostadis: coping with death all along.
Kostadis: All
Dave: right, thanks guys. Bye bye.
Kostadis: Jared, good night.